Restructure and update contributing guides (#871)
timescale/docs: contribute-to-timescaledb/contribute-to-docs.md

# Contribute to Timescale documentation

> Join the community in making Timescale documentation even better. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join the community to help make Timescale documentation even better. You can
```

contribute to the [documentation repository on GitHub][github-docs].

Issues and pull requests of any size, from typo fixes to new content sections,

> are highly welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are always welcome.
```

The contribution and style guides introduce you to the Timescale documentation
workflow, style, and standards. But don't worry too much about perfection. The
documentation team can help you polish your content when your pull request is
ready. 

To learn more:
*   Keep reading this style guide, which covers the documentation's use of the
    English language
*   See the [contribution guide][contributors] to learn about the GitHub
    workflows, repository structure, and markup conventions

## Style guide sections

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This style guide covers:
*   [Style references](#style-references)
    *   Style references in order of importance
*   [Language](#language)
    *   Plain English
    *   Tense and perspective
    *   Voice
    *   Grammar
    *   User interface actions
    *   Prose linting with Vale
*   [Structure](#structure)

>     *   Information when it's needed, where it's needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   Information where it's needed, when it's needed
```

    English.

## Language

### Plain English
Write in plain English.

Choose the simplest and clearest language to express an idea. Readers often come
to documentation when they're stressed. They skim text, jump between paragraphs,
skip words, and give up quickly if things seem complex. You can reduce their
reading workload by using:
*   Short sentences
*   Plain language
*   Common vocabulary
*   A minimum number of eye-catching details such as admonitions

For example, here's the same idea expressed three different ways, with varying
clarity:

|Style|Example|
|-|-|
|❌ Natural English|In order to perform X installation process, please ensure that all of the following steps are done ...|
|❌ Tech writer's English|To perform the X installation process, verify you have done the following steps ...|
|✅ Plain English|To install X, do these steps ...|

### Tense and perspective
Use simple present tense and the second person singular ("you"). Avoid the first
person plural ("we," "us"), because it isn't clear who is included in that
group.

### Voice
We prefer active voice, but don't be afraid to use passive when it serves

> better. For example, the most important words come first in an English sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the purpose better. For example, the most important words come first in an English sentence.
```

> If the object of an action is the most important part of a sentence, put it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the object or the action is the most important part of a sentence, put it
```

> first, even if it means using passive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first, even if it means using passive voice.
```

> 

Reviewer: I have a way of explaining this where I point out that, in technical documentation, we almost always know who the actor is (it's the reader, "you"), so in most cases the action is actually the most important part of the sentence ("Install the thing", "Configure the thing", etc). Feel free to construct that into a more useful piece of advice here, if you think it's useful 😉

When grammar rules hurt more than help, ignore them.

### User interface actions
Refer to user interface actions like this:
*   `Click` a button in a graphical user interface. Do not `Click on`.
*   `Press` a key or key combination on a keyboard.
*   `Type` words or numbers using a keyboard.
*   `Check` or `uncheck` a checkbox.
*   `Select` or `deselect` an item in a menu.
*   `Navigate` to a page or location in a graphical user interface.

### Prose linting with Vale
The Timescale documentation uses the Vale prose linter to check content for
language conventions. After you submit a pull request, a GitHub Action
automatically runs Vale. It shows the results within the `Files changed` view of
your pull request.

Vale has three levels of admonitions:
*   Errors. These block merging of your pull request into the official published
    docs. They must be fixed before your contribution can be accepted.
*   Warnings. Less serious than errors. Adopt these recommendations unless you
    have a strong reason not to.
*   Suggestions. The least serious level. Consider and adopt these
    recommendations, unless your content is a special case or exception.

## Structure

> ### Information when it's needed, where it's needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Information where it's needed, when it's needed
```

Readers don't read documentation from cover to cover, like a book. They skim and
skip. Don't assume that they know something because it's explained earlier in
the document. Use cross-references to guide them to further information when
they need it.  

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps add a reference to Every Page is Page One here? Or is that going too much into the content strategy weeds?

&#10060; I like apples and/or oranges.

&#128077; I like apples and oranges.

## B [](#B)

## C [](#C)

*Contractions*
: Absolutely fine to use, but try not to overdo it.

## D [](#D)

## E [](#E)

## F [](#F)

*File system*
: Two words.

## G [](#G)

## H [](#H)

## I [](#I)

## J [](#J)

## K [](#K)

## L [](#L)

*Latin abbreviations*
: Do not use.

&#128077; For example

&#10060; eg

## M [](#M)

## N [](#N)

## O [](#O)

## P [](#P)

*Please*
: Do not use. Just state the required action.

## Q [](#Q)

## R [](#R)

## S [](#S)

## T [](#T)

*Timescale*
: The name of the company. Do not use camel case.

&#128077; Timescale is hosting a virtual event.

&#10060; I have installed Timescale to manage my time-series data.

&#10060; TimeScale

*TimescaleDB*
: The name of the product. Capitalize the initial letter and the "DB" at the end.

&#128077; "I have installed TimescaleDB to manage my time-series data."

&#10060; "TimescaleDB is hosting a virtual event."

&#10060; "TimeScaleDB"

## U [](#U)

*Utilize*
: Do not use. Use "use" instead.

## V [](#V)

*Via*
: Avoid if possible. There is usually a more accurate English word, like
"through," "with," or "using."

## W [](#W)

*We*

> : Do not use. Use second person ("you") instead.

Reviewer: I think we can safely say to use this judiciously, and only when we're referring to Timescale (the company). As in, "We strongly recommend you upgraded to the newest version of TimescaleDB", etc. I think it's better to try adn avoid it, generally, but there are definitely places where I would prefer to use "we" over "Timescale" to suit our company voice better.
